uudecode: add page (#5971)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/uudecode.md

# uudecode

> Decode files encoded by `uuencode`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/uudecode>.

> - Decode a file that was create with `uuencode` into the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decode a file that was created with `uuencode` into the current directory:
```

Reviewer: (oops, I prefer @marchersimon's proposal in [the comment below](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5971/files#r633004204)) 😊

> - Decode a file that was create with `uuencode` into the current directory:
> 
> `uudecode {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Decode a file that was encoded with `uuencode` and print the result to stdout:

`uudecode {{path/to/encoded_file}}`

- Decode a file that was encoded with `uuencode` and write the result to a file:

`uudecode -o {{path/to/decoded_file}} {{path/to/encoded_file}}`
```
Maybe we should keep it consistent with the `uuencode` page.

Reviewer 2: Also, the file name of the encoded file has to be the one, used when encoding the file. How should we mention that?

Reviewer 3: Why are there duplicate commands
